Update DB Metrics for V2 (#7750)
hashgraph/hedera-mirror-node: docs/configuration.md

| `hedera.mirror.importer.db.username`                                             | mirror_importer                                      | The Importer username the processor uses to connect to the database                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `hedera.mirror.importer.db.maintenance.cron`                                     | 0 0 0 \* \* ?                                        | The cron schedule for creating new partitions This is applicable from v2 of the data schema                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `hedera.mirror.importer.db.metrics.refreshInterval`                              | 300_000L                                             | The interval which we wait to refresh database statistics                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: May want to add if the interval unit is in seconds or ms

> | `hedera.mirror.importer.db.metrics.refreshInterval`                              | PT5M (5 minutes)                                     | The interval which we wait to refresh database statistics. Specified as a java duration string                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: While PT5M should also work and is the standard Duration uses, Spring supports a simple duration format that we always use.

```suggestion
| `hedera.mirror.importer.db.metrics.refreshInterval`                              | 5m                                     | The interval which we wait to refresh database statistics. Specified as a java duration string                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
